[SDK-3068] Add Auth-Vue beta quickstart (#9989)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/vuejs-beta/_includes/_centralized_login.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 MD002 -->

## Install the SDK

> You can install the [Auth0 Vue SDK](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-vue) using npm:

Reviewer: Active voice:

```suggestion
Install the [Auth0 Vue SDK](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-vue) using npm:
```

```bash
npm install @auth0/auth0-vue@beta
```

> ## Registering the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Register the plugin
```

Reviewer: Also, should this be a level 3 heading nested under "Install the SDK"? For me it's just a part of the installation.

> In order to use the SDK in your Vue application, you will need to register its plugin with your Vue application by passing the return value of `createAuth0` to `app.use()`.

Reviewer: Conciseness:

```suggestion
To use the SDK in your Vue application, register the plugin with your Vue application by passing the return value of `createAuth0` to `app.use()`.
```

```js
import { createAuth0 } from '@auth0/auth0-vue';

const app = createApp(App);

app.use(
  createAuth0({
    domain: '<AUTH0_DOMAIN>',
    client_id: '<AUTH0_CLIENT_ID>',
    redirect_uri: '<MY_CALLBACK_URL>'
  })
);

app.mount('#app');
```

> Adding the plugin will register our SDK using both `provide` and `app.config.globalProperties`, allowing the SDK to be used with both the Composition API and Options API.

Reviewer: Let's link to the Composition API and Options API docs on the Vue site here.

Author: There appears to be no dedicated page for the Options API, did you have anything specific in mind ?

> ## Log in to the App

Reviewer: Let's stay consistent with the headings for the primary jobs to be done the same as on React, Angular, etc:

```suggestion
## Add Login to Your Application
```

> Adding the plugin will register our SDK using both `provide` and `app.config.globalProperties`, allowing the SDK to be used with both the [Composition API](https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/composition-api-introduction.html) and Options API.

Reviewer: Consider:

```suggestion
The plugin will register the SDK using both `provide` and `app.config.globalProperties`, allowing the SDK to be used with both the [Composition API](https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/composition-api-introduction.html) and Options API.
```

Also if we're linking the composition API, we should also link to a reference for the options API. This seems like a good one: https://vuejs.org/guide/introduction.html#options-api

> In order to add login to your application you can use the `loginWithRedirect` function that is exposed on the return value of `useAuth0`, which you can access in your component's `setup` function.

Reviewer: Conciseness:

```suggestion
To add login to your application, use the `loginWithRedirect` function that is exposed on the return value of `useAuth0`, which you can access in your component's `setup` function.
```

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <button @click="login">Log in</button>
  </div>
</template>
<script>
  import { useAuth0 } from '@auth0/auth0-vue';

  export default {
    setup() {
      const { loginWithRedirect } = useAuth0();

      return {
        login: () => {
          loginWithRedirect();
        }
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```

> Calling `loginWithRedirect` will redirect the user to Auth0, and redirect them back to the `redirect_uri` (provided when calling `createAuth0()`) after entering their credentials.

Reviewer: Consider:

```suggestion
The `loginWithRedirect` function will redirect the user to Auth0, and redirect them back to the `redirect_uri` (provided when calling `createAuth0()`) after entering their credentials.
```

### Using the Options API

> In case of the Options API, you can use the same `loginWithRedirect` method from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Options API, you can use the same `loginWithRedirect` method from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.
```

> In you are using the Options API, you can use the same `loginWithRedirect` method from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.

Reviewer: Similar comment on the other article:

```suggestion
If you are using the Options API, you can use the same `loginWithRedirect` method from the global `$auth0` property through the `this` accessor.
```

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <button @click="login">Log in</button>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    methods: {
      login() {
        this.$auth0.loginWithRedirect();
      }
    }
  };
</script>
```

> ## Display the User's Profile

Reviewer: Use same as React, Angular etc. quickstarts:

```suggestion
## Show User Profile Information
```

Reviewer: Also, in the spirit of being consistent with other similar quickstarts, the high-level order is:

* Login
* Logout
* User Profile

Use the `logout` function that is exposed on the return value of `useAuth0`, which you can access in your component's `setup` function, to log the user out of your application.

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <button @click="logout">Log out</button>
  </div>
</template>
<script>
  import { useAuth0 } from '@auth0/auth0-vue';

  export default {
    setup() {
      const { logout } = useAuth0();

      return {
        logout: () => {
          logout({ returnTo: window.location.origin });
        }
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```

> Calling `logout()` will redirect the user to Auth0 to ensure their session is ended with Auth0 as well. Once the user is logged out successfully, they will be redirected back to the specified `returnTo` parameter.

Reviewer: Consider dropping the gerund (see last point in [voice](https://github.com/auth0/docs/blob/master/STYLEGUIDE.md#voice)):

```suggestion
The `logout()` function will redirect the user to Auth0 to ensure their session is ended with Auth0 as well. Once the user is logged out successfully, they will be redirected back to the specified `returnTo` parameter.
```

:::note

> If you only want to log the user out of your application but not from Auth0, you can specifcy `localOnly: true` when calling `logout()`.

Reviewer: Consider:

```suggestion
To log the user out of your application but not from Auth0, use `logout({ localOnly: true })`.
```

</script>
```

:::note
Ensure the user is authenticated by implementing login in your application before accessing the user's profile.
:::

### Using the Options API

> In case of the Options API, you can use the same reactive `user` property from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Options API, you can use the same reactive `user` property from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.
```

> If you're using the Options API, you can use the same `logout` method from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Options API, you can use the same `logout` method from the global `$auth0` property through the `this` accessor.
```

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <h2>User Profile</h2>
    <button @click="login">Log in</button>
    <pre>
      <code>{{ user }}</code>
    </pre>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    data: function () {
      return {
        user: this.$auth0.user
      };
    },
    methods: {
      login() {
        this.$auth0.loginWithRedirect();
      }
    }
  };
</script>
```

> ## Logout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add Logout to Your Application
```

> Adding logout to your application can be done by using the `logout` function that is exposed on the return value of `useAuth0`, which you can access in your component's `setup` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `logout` function that is exposed on the return value of `useAuth0`, which you can access in your component's `setup` function, to log the user out of your application.
```

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <button @click="logout">Log out</button>
  </div>
</template>
<script>
  import { useAuth0 } from '@auth0/auth0-vue';

  export default {
    setup() {
      const { logout } = useAuth0();

      return {
        logout: () => {
          logout({ returnTo: window.location.origin });
        }
      };
    }
  };
</script>
```

> Calling `logout()` will redirect the user to Auth0 to ensure their session is ended with Auth0 as well. Once the user is logged out succesfuly, they will be redirected back to the specified `returnTo` parameter.

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
Calling `logout()` will redirect the user to Auth0 to ensure their session is ended with Auth0 as well. Once the user is logged out successfully, they will be redirected back to the specified `returnTo` parameter.
```

> If you're using the Options API, you can use the same reactive `user` property from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Options API, you can use the same reactive `user` property from the global `$auth0` property through the `this` accessor.
```

:::note
If you only want to log the user out of your application but not from Auth0, you can specifcy `localOnly: true` when calling `logout()`.
:::

### Using the Options API

> In case of the Options API, you can use the same `logout` method from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Options API, you can use the same `logout` method from the global `$auth0` property through your component's `this`.
```
